These are booby traps
that the spies have set all over the dorm.
"It's better for you not to know. What you
don't know won't hurt you." He said.
The Hosu hostage situation?
Without An knowing?
On the ANSP's honor, we'll solve
the case safely. Take a photo of me too.
Take it!
We won't give in
to the brutal scheme and threats
from the puppet regime.
The ANSP and military
try our utmost best to rescue
all of 64 hostages safely
from the seven Northern spies.
The brutal scheme and threats
from the puppet regime…
They know we're just three,
but they announced that we're seven.
Should I trust them and
follow the instructions from the party?
I'm sure they just want to avoid the blame
that they're failing to catch
just three with hundreds of soldiers.
What about ten days later?
They just created four more spies.
How do you think they'll put an end
to this hostage situation?
Release half of the hostages.
Pardon?
If 30 hostages get released
and say there are only three spies,
won't that be fun to watch?
They won't be any use to you anyway.
Plus, it's hard to control all of them.
I'll release everyone
except the ones we really need.
Is there anyone you want to release?
No, I just know Director Eun Chang-su's
daughter is the one we need the most.
We don't intend to hurt you.
We want this to end
without anyone getting hurt.
To prove that, I will
release 30 of you today.
Quiet!
Ms. Pi.
This is the list of those I'll release.
Call their names.
Yeong-ro.
I think they'll release you.
I hope they'll release us too.
Please.
Je Min-gyeong.
Finally!
Kim Bit-ni.
-Hey!
-Me?
Yang Hye-ji.
Kim Dong-hui.
Ko Jeong-gyeong.
-Koo In-na
-Yes!
30 people right away?
What?
You don't want them?
How could you release them like that?
We got to work together.
Right after the announcement?
It makes no sense.
In return, send in things we demand.
Hey, wait!
Keep them for now. Don't release them yet.
We'll send in anything you need.
And
Dr. Kang…
Release her right now.
She won't be released.
She had hidden a gun in her bag.
What? A gun?
You…
If you lay a finger on her, I will--
We need drugs for diabetes
and blood pressure and some men's clothes.
Have the ANSP agent from yesterday
bring them here.
Some cup noodles too.
Ten boxes of cup noodles too.
Hello?
This damn bastard hung up on me again.
What a rude bastard.
Cup noodles.
But what kind of cup noodles?